Update Memgraph kubernetes deployment. (#886)
memgraph/docs: docs/reference-guide/deployment/kubernetes.md

sidebar_label: Kubernetes
---

> If you need Memgraph as a part of your **Kubernetes** cluster, you can use the below **Helm Chart** for a simple setup.
> 
> Due to the nature of different use cases and deployment setups via Kubernetes, you can use this as the base and modify it to your needs. 
> 
> Memgraph is a database at its core, so you probably want to deploy it as a  Kubernetes **StatefulSet** workload because it saves data to persistent storage. Hence the helm chart below is configured as **StatefulSet** workload. Due to the StatefulSet nature of Memgraph, it is also necessary to have a **PersistentVolumeClaims** for the storage of the data directory(/var/lib/memgraph). This enables the data to be persisted even if the pod is restarted or deleted. 
> 
> It is unnecessary to use the **StatefulSet** workload, if you are not concerned with persisting data or may have a static dataset. Stateful applications are also more complex to setup and maintain due to the nature of handling storage information and security.
> 
> The given helm chart is configured to use the latest **MemgraphDB** docker image from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/memgraph/memgraph). 
> 
> The `apiVersion` is set to `apps/v1`, which means the below chart supports Helm version 3 or less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include Memgraph as a part of your **Kubernetes** cluster, use the **Helm chart** below for a simple setup. Due to numerous possible use cases and deployment setups via Kubernetes, this Helm chart is just a starting point you can modify according to your needs. 

The provided Helm chart is configured to deploy Memgraph as a Kubernetes **StatefulSet** workload, which saves data to persistent storage, a useful feature when deploying a database. Due to the StatefulSet nature of Memgraph, it is also necessary to define a **PersistentVolumeClaims** to store [the data directory](/reference-guide/backup) (/var/lib/memgraph). This enables the data to be persisted even if the pod is restarted or deleted. 

If you don't require data persistency or your dataset is static, there is no need to use the StatefulSet workload. Stateful applications are more complex to set up and maintain as they require more attention when handling storage information and security.

The Helm chart is configured to use the latest **MemgraphDB** docker image from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/memgraph/memgraph), so if you require a different Memgraph Docker image, be sure the modify the chart. 

The `apiVersion` is set to `apps/v1`, which means the chart supports Helm version 3 or less.
```

I rewrote it to sound more like docs, less like a blog post... please check if all the info and sentences are technically correct :)

```yaml
# Service

> apiVersion: v1

Author: No, it should stay v1.

              mountPath: /var/lib/memgraph
            - name: memgraph-log-storage
              mountPath: /var/log/memgraph
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: PersistentVolumeClaim
metadata:
  name: memgraph-lib-storage
spec:
  accessModes:
    - ReadWriteOnce
  resources:
    requests:
      storage: 500Mi
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: PersistentVolumeClaim
metadata:
  name: memgraph-log-storage
spec:
  accessModes:
  - ReadWriteOnce
  resources:
    requests:
      storage: 500Mi

```

> The above helm chart will spin up the Memgraph and expose it via **NodePort** service on port `7687` for communication via Bolt protocol. The helm chart also creates two **PersistentVolumeClaims** for the storage of the data directory and log directory. Since the Memgraph docker image has a root privilege on volumes data and log directories, it is necessary to set the `runAsUser` to `0` in the `securityContext` of the pod. This will override the memgraph user from the Docker image. Aldo is not ideal practice. Currently, the Memgraph must have root privileges on the volumes. 
> 
>  The memgraph starts with the `--also-log-to-stderr=true` flag, meaning the logs will also be written to the standard error output. This is useful for getting logs via `kubectl logs` command.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above Helm chart spins up Memgraph and exposes it via **NodePort** service on port `7687` for communication via the Bolt protocol.

 The chart also creates two **PersistentVolumeClaims** for storing the data and log directories. Since Memgraph Docker image has root privileges on the data located on volumes and log directories, it is necessary to set the `runAsUser` to `0` in the `securityContext` section of the pod to override the `memgraph` user from the Docker image. Currently, Memgraph must have root privileges on the volumes. 

Memgraph starts with the `--also-log-to-stderr=true` flag, meaning the logs will also be written to the standard error output and you can access logs using the `kubectl logs` command.

```

Check if technically correct :)

AS Memgraph docker image has root user you don't have to set runAsUser? ASking for mysefl

Author: You need to, as we discussed on the call, BCS rights from docker images get mixed with root rights. Setting everything to the root avoids the issue.
